1.87 additions to compat and deprecations (#803)
kiali/kiali.io: content/en/news/release-notes.md

* [OSSMC cannot update namespace or create Istio objects](https://github.com/kiali/openshift-servicemesh-plugin/issues/330)
* [Validations - KIA0106 False Positive - Unable to Find Service Accounts](https://github.com/kiali/kiali/issues/7481)

Deprecations:

> * Kiali is deprecating its current namespace selection approach. For a description of the new mechanism see https://github.com/kiali/kiali/tree/master/design/KEPS. The following configuration is deprecated:

Reviewer: what is this link?

Author: That is the KEP folder where we put public designs.  We can create a specific folder for this and change the link to the more specific location.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Kiali is deprecating its current namespace selection approach. For a description of the new mechanism see https://github.com/kiali/kiali/blob/master/design/KEPS/namespace-discovery/proposal.md. The following configuration is deprecated:
```
